Oh
[Music]
hello everyone and this evening I am
having a little watch party with my
parents of the may week mega event which
is this big virtual celebration of the
end of the Cambridge academic year we're
marking the end of the tough year you
know and a group of students from
Cambridge have put together a committee
you organised this event and I was
really honored to be asked to host the
first segment there's so many talented
Cambridge students performing we're just
watching soft crunchy landing at the
moment who I've just introduced it's
very jazzy but the stream is quite long
it's like a few hours long we're looking
forward to a long evening fathers here
too I'm filming this vlog because in a
couple of days time I'm going to be
finishing my degree I've got my viber in
a few days time which I'll talk to you
guys about soon but I thought I'd start
now because you can watch a bit of the
mega event with me
[Music]
one of Britain's most acclaimed
actresses she's starred in Harry Potter
Nanny McPhee Love Actually have you got
a gap is the only super famous
noonim alumna Dame Emma Thompson I got
it Peter
we're now watching Emma Thompson plant a
tree but this evening is not just about
the entertainment we're also supporting
some amazing charities through Jesus I'm
excited for the finale as well it's
going to be big it's going to be great
you don't want to miss it
[Music]
hello so it's now 10 o'clock and we're
still watching the may week mega event
I've now got my flashcards though
because we need to revise my viber is
2:30 Tuesday afternoon and then I've got
to be ready to be grilled on
astrophysics basically 33 minutes past
midnight we're still going this
technically makes us survivors of the
virtual May week marathon because
normally when we're in Cambridge and we
go to Bulls and we stay up all night
everyone makes it to the next morning
it's called a survivor and you have a
big survivors photo this year they're
encouraging us to take selfies I'm not
looking my best
right now though are you looking your
best right now so we thought we'd
dislike globe ourselves instead and put
that up we're watching fireworks from a
past Mabel and they look fantastic I
think it's from a Trinity Mabel and
they're all sitting on pumps on the
river watching this amazing fireworks
display I never went to a Trinity Mabel
or a John's Mabel and do you know it's
ok because Jesus maples were good but I
never have fireworks and these look
pretty cool we're gonna leave it at this
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
more than 60 I
[Music]
yeah as you can see where vision is
going well today nobody actually
happened doing flash cars today look got
through this pax
I've got through this pack I've got
through this pack I've got through all
of these I should probably explain a bit
more about these visors
basically a visor is an oral exam and
we're going to get asked questions on
our astrophysics course by the examiners
and we've got to give a spoken response
to those questions they're obviously not
taking place in person they're all
taking place on video calls the good
thing though and the reason I'm not too
stressed right now is that a few weeks
ago they confirmed that our grade can
only go up from the visor so if we do
bad in the visor
they won't shift the grade we got in the
written exams down so basically the
visor is actually just an opportunity if
for example you are on the boundary
between two different grades you could
shift yourself up a grade if you do well
in the visor it's half an hour long and
it's going to be with two examiner's
from the Institute of astronomy and one
external examiner this is actually my
first ever visor I've never had one
before and we haven't been given much
guidance on what they're going to entail
all they've said is they're going to be
taking a holistic approach and trying to
assess us on contextual things looking
at the whole course tying everything
together the crazy thing is though after
my father I am done literally there is
no more after that I will have finished
my degree hello oh my stuff is ready so
I'll speak to you guys after dinner I
guess
[Music]
I think what I'm going to do now is get
my exam papers out from a few weeks ago
they have said that they're not going to
ask us to defend our answers to the exam
questions in any detail because it's
been three weeks since the exam but I
think even just going through some of
the questions and the exam papers and
just recapping my answers will just get
me back into the zone of exam questions
and problem solving I forgot to say that
I've had my hair cut
since my last video I didn't go to the
hairdresser my mom cut it for me but I
don't think she's done too bad a job you
can't really tell that it's not
completely straight I've straightened it
at the moment but my hair is naturally
quite wavy so if I leave it natural you
just you wouldn't be able to tell at all
if it was cut straight at the ends or
not but I'm just so happy it's shorter
again I hate my hair too long we do love
a quarantine haircut I feel like
listening at these exam papers again is
going to give me some awful flashbacks
from the exam but I'm good doing anyway
Oh paper for don't we love it okay I'm
going to look through these papers good
morning everyone I'm panicking and I
don't think I need to be panicking but
I'm panicking anyway it's early just
past 11:00 now and my father is at 2:30
so I'm gonna keep revising for a couple
more hours then take a lunch break let's
get back to it got my pencil case out
got my formula booklet out not that I
think I'm gonna need them because it's
not like I'm gonna be writing anything
hello I have about five minutes until my
fiber is due to start I'm really nervous
I think I'm more nervous for this than I
was for my written exams my dad just
said to me I should make the most of it
because this is going to be my last ever
opportunity to talk to some taught
Cambridge academics
about astrophysics it's a bit like my
Cambridge admissions interview that was
my first ever experience talking to some
taught academics and now I'm grounding
off my university experience again
having a extended conversation about
science
with some really intelligent people I've
got my paper at the ready pencil I'm
gonna plug my earphones in hello so it
is now the evening and I never updated
you guys properly after my visor so here
goes it was ok they asked a lot of very
open-ended questions that you could
answer in a multitude of ways I gave it
my best shot I don't actually think it's
gonna have much consequence so you know
I did it and now it's a bit mad because
I finished my degree I'd also just like
to say that the examiners were really
friendly on the zoomkour there was
actually only two of them in the end so
a little less intimidating for the three
people and it was actually just a really
friendly conversation so it wasn't
anything to worry about the revision I
did yesterday was all kind of
unnecessary now I just need to wait for
results which will be coming out soon
I'm just going to go ahead and enjoy a
nice long relaxing summer it is
definitely time to take a break it has
been a stressful few months but we got
through it thank you for watching
give the video a like if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to see more videos from me
follow my Instagram which is at
underscore page underscore why make sure
you've hit the notification bell then
you're notified when I upload you'll be
notified when my results video goes live
so don't miss it and I will see you guys
soon with another video farewell from a
gal who has just finished her degree
[Music]